---
title: Generate Interactives with Authoring Copilot
permalink: /generate-interactives-with-authoring-copilot/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Author
---
<h2>Generate Interactives with Authoring Copilot (New)</h2>
<p>Important:</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>As Authoring Copilot uses generative AI, its responses are probabilistic
in nature. At times, it may generate inaccurate, incomplete, or inappropriate
content.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Avoid using prompts which carry a high risk of infringing intellectual
property rights (e.g., avoid prompts such as “produce an image similar
to [Artist X’s] works or “create an image incorporating [Brand Y’s] logo”).
You may refer to our <a href="go.gov.sg/ai-chapter4" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank">Quick Guide to Gen AI Chapter 4 - Guidance on Use of Multimodal Generative AI Tools to Enhance T&amp;L</a> for
more information.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Always review and verify that the content generated by Authoring Copilot
is accurate, appropriate, and aligned with your lesson objectives. Images
resembling iconic characters, artwork or styles should not be added.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<h1>About Interactives</h1>
<p>Interactives in SLS allow teachers to embed dynamic, hands-on learning
experiences directly for students to engage with students in their modules.</p>
<p>There are many types of interactives for different use cases and learning
outcomes. Interactives may be used for game-based learning, simulation-based
learning, assessment, data visualisation, concept mapping, or as timeline
builders, etc. Find out more in <a href="go.gov.sg/slscommunity" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank">SLS Community</a>.</p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>